Updates to AI Foundry RBAC (#505)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/ai-foundry/concepts/rbac-azure-ai-foundry.md

| IT admin                 | Subscription Owner                       | The IT admin can ensure the foundry is set up to their enterprise standards. They can assign managers the **Azure AI Account Owner** role on the resource if they want to enable managers to make new Foundry accounts. They can assign managers the Azure AI Project Manager role on the resource to allow for project creation within an account. |
| Managers                 | Azure AI Account Owner on Foundry resource | Managers can manage the foundry, deploy models, audit compute resources, audit connections, and create shared connections. They can't begin building within the projects, but can assign the Azure AI User role to themselves and others to start building. |
| Team lead/Lead developer | Azure AI Project Manager on Foundry resource | Lead developers can create projects for their team and start building in the projects. After project creation, project owners can invite other members and assign the Azure AI User role.                                   |
| Team members/developers  | Azure AI User on Foundry resource         | Developers can build agents within a project.                             |

> >[INFORMATION]
> >Users with Contributor role can deploy models in AI Foundry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Users with the Contributor role can deploy models in Azure AI Foundry.
```
